You go to Hanhai Restaurant
Find Wang Qianju
Let's just say I invited him to dinner tonight.
Regular Island, what do you mean?
Oops, don't ask
Just do it
Hey
Shopkeeper Wang
Shopkeeper Wang, isn't this Lao Liu?
Ha ha.
Our shopkeeper asked me to bring you a message.
What does he want to treat you to dinner tonight?
Lin Yi wants to invite me to dinner
Did I hear it right?
You go back and tell him
I designate to go
Hahahaha good
Then wait.
Farewell
Hey hey lady
It seems that Lin Yi is already afraid
Want to invite me to dinner to please me? This is
Of course!
How amazing is my husband?
Haven't made a few moves yet
Lin Yi, this stinky boy, is completely convinced
Lin Yi is also a capable person
If you can invite him
Then our restaurant can definitely be bigger
Yes, my husband is here to eat a fruit, hahaha.
Hey boss